---
author: Gianfranco Cecconi
title: Help us make our website better
---

Open Addresses UK brings together data about the places where people live, work and visit. In time, it will become the first UK address list published as open data and available for everyone to use without restriction. The list will combine information from existing open data sources with material provided directly by people about the addresses that they know.

We are looking for a freelance UI/UX/front-end developer to improve the user experience, usability and features of our desktop, tablet and mobile website [https://openaddressesuk.org](https://openaddressesuk.org).

You must be comfortable working in an unstructured, agile environment and be able to demonstrate the ability to work on your own initiative, managing multiple tasks within tight timeframes. You’ll be based at the Open Addresses offices in Shoreditch.

##Role
- Discuss with Open Addressses' Product Lead our strategy for the website, evaluate options for intervention, offer high level user flows / wireframes / mockups / design to illustrate them
- Work with the Open Addresses Technology Team to assess the feasibility of the changes and, if necessary, support the specification of any required server-side changes
- Prepare any basic graphic components and implement the required frontend changes
- Work with the Open Addresses Technology team to the integration and test of the changes across all target platforms

##Experience and skills
- 5+ years' experience of designing user interfaces for customer-facing desktop and tablet/mobile websites
- 5+ years' experience of front-end development in HTML, CSS/SASS, JavaScript, creating documented maintainable source code
- basic graphic design
- use of GitHub and Travis CI for source code management, collaboration and deployment
- consuming API services
- Bootstrap or equivalent responsive web UI frameworks
- extensive experience of creating user flows / wireframes / mock-ups

Our website's technology stack is based on [Ruby on Rails](http://rubyonrails.org/) and [Jekyll](http://jekyllrb.com/).

Note to Applicants Non-EU Nationals please note: Open Addresses has a legal responsibility to ensure that all employees are entitled to live and work in the UK. It is unlikely that we would be able to obtain a Certificate of Sponsorship for this job. Therefore, in most cases it is unlikely that we will be able to consider applications from candidates who require a visa to work in the UK. For further information on eligibility to work in the UK please visit the UK Border Agency website at www.ukba.homeoffice.gov.uk.

Author: Gianfranco Cecconi
